Complete the root-level `serverless.yaml` file.

- Create a VPC with public and private subnets with NAT and Internet Gateway
- Modify serverless to have resources including existing lambda to use subnets created
- Create security group called `sg_lambda` no inbound and all outbound and attach it to lambda
- Create ECS and ECR with security group `sg_ecs` no inbound and all outbound. The ECS should be able to read from created SQS, write to created DB, also be able to call bedrock models and AWS transcribe. The min scale should be 0 and the max scale to 4. The scale out cooldown period is 60s and scale in cooldown period is 30s. It should be 1 vCPUs and 6GB RAM.
- ECS should have SQS_URL and SECRET_MANAGER_ARN as the environment variables, these resources will be created below
- Create a Mysql Aurora DB with serverlessv2 option with an appropriate subnet group in a private subnet in that VPC and secret manager maintaining those autogenerated secrets. Min ACU 0, Max ACU 1.5, pause after inactivity 15 min, `sg_db` security group, allowing connection from the existing lambda and ECS via their security groups. Disable enhanced monitoring and performance insights, if they are off by default, leave it as it is.
- Create a SQS queue, just normal queue is fine not FIFO
- Create a S3 bucket
- Put a single variable whereever appropriate that can used to tag all resources in a certain way, suppose the variable is `presidio`, I want tags of all resources to say `presidio=true`

- Every resource in us-east-1
- If any of my requirements are unclear or ambiguous, first clarify everything before beginning to make changes, I do not want to redo any work because I'm not clear.
- When you're done, make sure all permissions are place for everything I'm looking to do and VPC connectivity is secure and ideal
